docs(self-hosted): explain self-hosted data flow (#13745)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/self-hosted/data-flow.mdx

    web --> postgres
    web -- Caching layer --> memcached
    web -- Queries on event (errors, spans, etc) data (to snuba-api) --> snuba-api
    web -- Avatars, attachments, etc --> sentry-blob-storage
    worker -- As a celery queue --> redis
    worker --> postgres
    worker -- Alert & digest emails --> smtp
    web -- Sending test emails --> smtp
  end

  subgraph ingestion [Event Ingestion]
    relay@{ shape: rect, label: 'Relay' }
    sentry_ingest_consumer[sentry-ingest-consumers]

    relay -- Process envelope into specific types --> kafka --> sentry_ingest_consumer -- Caching event data (to redis) --> redis
    relay -- Register relay instance --> web
    relay -- Fetching project configs (to redis) --> redis
    sentry_ingest_consumer -- Symbolicate stack traces --> symbolicator --> symbol-server
    sentry_ingest_consumer -- Save event payload to Nodestore --> postgres
    sentry_ingest_consumer -- Republish to events topic --> kafka
  end
```

### Event Ingestion Pipeline

1. Events from the SDK is sent to the `relay` service.
2. Relay parses the incoming envelope, validates whether the DSN and Project ID are valid. It reads project config data from `redis`.

> 3. Relay build a new payload to be consumed by Sentry ingest consumers, and send it to `kafka`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Relay builds a new payload to be consumed by Sentry ingest consumers, and sends it to `kafka`.
```

> 4. Sentry `ingest-*` consumers ( with `*` [wildcard] being the event type [errors, transaction, profiles, etc]) consumes the event, cache it in `redis` and start the `preprocess_event` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Sentry `ingest-*` consumers ( with `*` [wildcard] being the event type [errors, transaction, profiles, etc]) consumes the event, caches it in `redis` and starts the `preprocess_event` task.
```

> 5. The `preprocess_event` task symbolicate stack traces with `symbolicator` service, and process event according to the event type's logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The `preprocess_event` task symbolicates stack traces with `symbolicator` service, and processes the event according to its event type.
```

> 6. The `preprocess_event` task saves the event payload to nodestore (the default is to `postgres`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The `preprocess_event` task saves the event payload to nodestore (default nodestore backend is `postgres`).
```

> 7. The `preprocess_event` task publishes the event to `kafka` to `events` topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The `preprocess_event` task publishes the event to `kafka` under the `events` topic.
```

### Event Processing Pipeline

> 1. The `snuba-consumer` service consumes events from `events` topic and process them. After being written to clickhouse, snuba publishes error & transaction events to `post-process-forwarder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `snuba-consumer` service consumes events from `events` topic and processes them. After the events are written to clickhouse, snuba publishes error & transaction events to `post-process-forwarder`.
```

> 2. The Sentry consumer that consumes `post-process-forwarder` topic process the events, and republish it to `kafka`.

Author: I'm not sure about these. Can anyone take a look? @markstory @untitaker @hubertdeng123 @BYK

> 2. The Sentry consumer that consumes `post-process-forwarder` topic process the events, and republish it to `kafka`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The Sentry `post-process-forwarder` consumer consumes messages and spawns a `post_process_group` task for each processed error & issue occurance.
```

> 2. The Sentry `post-process-forwarder` consumer consumes messages and spawns a `post_process_group` task for each processed error & issue occurance.

Author: I have no idea.

### Web User Interface

> 1. THe `web` service is what you see, it's the Django web UI and API that serves the Sentry's frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `web` service is what you see, it's the Django web UI and API that serves the Sentry's frontend.
```

> 2. The `worker` service mainly consumes `redis` that acts as a celery queue to execute tasks. One notable task is to send emails to SMTP servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The `worker` service mainly consumes tasks from  `redis` that acts as a celery queue. One notable task is to send emails through the SMTP server.
```
